hey you know what a really good rainy
day game is what I mean naked game strip
poker we should totally play strip poker
are you all ready come on when you go
away you have to play it's like a law oh
thank you okay who's next
no no way come on please I'm bored let
me do it once before yeah well if if
that's the rule this weekend and a wish
why are you thinking like a man no no
big bullies are we doing bored and bored
hey you know what naked card games never
boring No
strip Happy Days game I couldn't find
any card so it was either this or strip
bag of old knitting stuff okay
fancy gives you two thumbs up collect
two cool points yeah I could get five
cool points you get to make someone take
off one item of clothing it hasn't
happened yet but we're all very excited
okay come on daddy needs a new pair of
electromagnetic microscopes for the
prehistoric forensics department okay
take pinky Tuscadero up to Inspiration
Point collect three cool points yeah
which gives me five and let's see who is
going to lose their clothes um I think I
pick our strip poker sponsor mr. Joey
Tribbiani
alright relax it's just a shoe but your
band is playing at Arnold's collect
three cool points which means I have
five and that means I get Joey's boxers
fine gang up on me I got you all right
where I want you actually you know it's
kind of cold so how about I keep my
boxers on and give you all peek at the
good stuff I'm gonna make margaritas
whoa hey what are you doing trying to
get me drunk
I'm just making margaritas mm-hmm hey go
help her out
what fits going on doing what you're
painting his toenails Oh chasing him
around the room when I got please he's
totally flirting with you - he is isn't
he
I don't know I don't know I mean maybe
it's just being here at the beach
together or I don't know but it's like
hey my boss thought me off early so he
took the train Oh what are you guys
doing I'm playing strip Happy Days game
well I'll catch up
yeah is everybody else having just the
best time Joey's asleep
after he passed out we put the sand
around him to keep him warm well I
assume the happy couple isn't up yet
you guys hear them last night oh yeah I
don't know what they were doing but at
one point
sea turtles actually came up to the
house hey how'd everybody sleep oh great
like a law student watch good morning
nice breasts by the way
you